from my perspective
mismatch
assessment
capacity
ahead
move forward
step in 
budget
something around that
redundant


keep it that way  - оставить все как есть

Regression is almost completed, there are a few test cases ‘In testing status’ which will be done by Dwi when cb-test will be available for testing
we may need to help other team out if help is needed.
Your card is about to expire

Entities are now getting deleted for the historical…
Pavel raised a question about report

inconsistencies

call on - призывай
the only way
derived
after what time - через какое время

Due to health reasons Yulya will not be able to work after vacation and will go maternity leave. 

respectively
redundant
inaccuracies
substitute
narrow down
In my mind

will try do my best for it :o

come out
take into account some my remarks.

Dont mention that - даже не упоминайте об этом
No thanks at all - Не стоит благодарности
You are welcome - к Вашим услугам
It was a pleasure С удовольствием
The pleasure is/was mine - это доставило и мне пользу


necessary

Yes, it is supposed to be sorted out. But we will keep our eyes on it.


http://langformula.ru/english-grammar/be-supposed-to/
http://langformula.ru/subscribe/?utm_source=blogpost&utm_medium=main&utm_campaign=optin


Please direct ongoing issues with Jenkins and Jobs (assuming the fault is with Jenkins and not with code) to Aliaksandr Markin. He is currently on point for Jenkins.
Unfortunately, our class tomorrow is impossible, since we are not supposed to reschedule classes that fall on public holidays. 

Upon deletion - при удалении

I am sharing the concerns
Focus on the things that matters. 
Thanks for your cooperation and effort. 

conduct

given that (просто given) - учитывая

Ideally

intersect
I'm inclined to say yes
Objection

you are our only hope )

Regarding blockers and so on. We have a couple jira tickets related to Search for instance but normal testing is blocked by lacking of  generated data and tools which allows to generate them. 
And in course of time that problem will be blocking us more and more.
Second problem is about updating our dev-stable environment. All back-end teams commit their “stable” changes on dev-stable every Sunday but there is issue with front-end team who commit changes on dev and dev-stable at once every day.

was raised

unlike
within 
apart

As you know,
And as happens in such cases
проводить  carry out
занять - busy
withstand выдержать

Apparently По всей видимости

In general
At the very beginning
To say the truth, we did not understand each other very well
Everyone was in a hurry and so on
In the end в конце концов
I've never seen them before.

Almost the same
persistent
Sums of money

Windshield wipers

proceed переходить
Somehow как-то

and out of all these, it turns out that G4 team used only these:
и из всего этого, оказывается, что G4 команда используется только этим:

accordingly соответственно

Nothing from my site

please, either create a ticket in jira (VPNed) and attach a screenshot, or use hipchat (also VPNed)

Take your time
I can’t help it

impact влияние
defeat поражение
purpose цель
whenever всякий раз, когда
one more time еще раз




